c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\obj\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\obj\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\obj\Debug\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\CADLogicaNegocio.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\CADDatos.dll
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\CADLogicaNegocio.pdb
c:\users\edwin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaWebFacturas\SistemaWebFacturas.Tests\bin\Debug\CADDatos.pdb
